Long ago, before the concept of
shinobi ever existed...
There was one who bit into the
forbidden fruit and obtained the
power of chakra...
...and with it, tried to end the
age of violence.
However, they were engulfed,
and drowned, in that immense
power.
Some wondered, "To maintain
order in this world, does one
need power...or love?"
The conflict between these two
viewpoints sparked a long war...
...which continued down through
the generations that followed.
If you're really a Hyuga,
then show us your Byakugan!
But if you're not
gonna, don't look at us!
Yeah, your eyes are creepy!
I bet you're actually some
kind of monster, aren't you?
Yeah, a Byakugan monster!
[Crying]
[Laughing]
Hey! Cut it out!
Look at the shrimp!
Who are you?
[Heavy Breathing]
I'm Naruto Uzumaki!
And I'm the future Hokage!
Oh, the future Hokage, huh?
Come on! What are
you, stupid?
I'll show you guys!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
[Gasps]
Uhh.
Come at me! Bring it!
Ya' know!
[Laughing]
Hmm?
[Punching Thud]
Uh.
[Grunts]
[Laughing] I took him down with
one punch!
Future Hokage, right!
You think you're so cool!
Wearing this ugly red scarf!
[Laughing]
Hmm.
Hey, wait! Hold on! This time,
I'll do a super-duper jutsu
and...
Oww.
Are you okay?
Yeah, it's nothing.
I'm used to it.
Your scarf, those
three boys, they...
[Sigh]
I'm really sorry.
Nah, forget it.
Hmph.
Uh, um...
Huh?
I...I just wanted to say
thank you very much.
[Chuckles] See ya!
[Sighs]
[Bugs Buzzing]
If the world were going to come
to an end tomorrow, who would
you like to spend your last day
with?
Oh, give me a break! Like that's
really gonna happen!
It's a hypothetical. Just
suppose the moon began to fall.
If it's the end of the whole
world, I'd rather have a big
piece of meat fall on us
than the moon!
Good one, Choji!
[Laughing]
You know, if the moon does fall,
I'll protect you, Sakura.
No, thanks. I certainly don't
need you to protect me, Naruto.
[Sighs]
All right, everyone, write down
who you'd want to spend the last
day on Earth with.
Boy, I'm stumped.
I never even knew my mom or dad.
And I don't have any friends...
[Gasps]
Hey, Naruto!
Don't throw that out!
What's the point? I mean there's
no way that the world is gonna
end!
[Sighs] I'm just saying
if it were to happen.
But it isn't going to happen!
This is a decree, a Celestial
Decree bestowed upon the Hyuga
Clan.
I'll ask you one last time.
Give me your answer, Hiashi
Hyuga.
Your response will decide the
future, of your entire clan.
This is the Hyuga's...
...reply!
Hiya!
You fool.
I'm your guest lecturer today!
I'm gonna demonstrate some
moves, so pay close attention!
Huh!
[Grunts]
[Exhales]
[Cheering]
[Sighs]
I never thought he'd become
such prime choice material.
You mean like steak?
Of course not! I mean he's
gotten popular with the girls.
Well, all his efforts in the war
two years ago have made him into
the village hero.
Yeah.
[Cheering]
[People Talking]
All right! Go on guys, eat up!
[All] Thanks Naruto!
I'm starving!
Big Brother Naruto!
Oh, hey, Konohamaru!
I have something I've
just got to show you!
What is it?
It's Grandpa Hiruzen's stuff.
I found it when I was doing
some spring cleaning.
This is kinda...
Don't you dare call it junk! All
this stuff is really, really
precious.
But they're...
They're not junk, you got it?
[Squeaking]
[Sighs]
I'm Naruto Uzumaki!
[Chuckles]
Time sure flies.
Sales for the Rinne Festival
have already started.
Naruto, wait up!
Hmm?
Please accept my
Rinne Festival present!
What? For me?
I'm always rooting for you.
I made it!
[All] Please accept this!
Uh, wow, thanks so much.
[People Talking]
Hinata!
Hi, Sakura!
Hmm, you're knitting something?
That's a surprise! [Chuckles]
Yes, I'm making a scarf.
Hmm.
What are you doing?
Go for it, Hinata!
Huh?
Oh, just admit it! You're making
a present for him, aren't you?
[Sighs]
He's so popular lately.
What, really?
Huh?
Even people from other villages
come out here just to take
pictures of him.
Oh...
Don't say, "Oh!" Just hurry up
and finish that scarf already!
Oh, uh sorry, okay.
Come on!
You've just gotta have more
confidence!
Be bold!
Uh, sure, okay.
It looks larger than usual.
There! All done!
I put my heart and soul into
making this! I'm sure my
feelings will get through to
Naruto!
Or will they?
It's already late. Maybe it's
better to give it to him
tomorrow.
No, I'll do it tonight!
Well, tomorrow...
No, tonight!
Or...tomorrow.
Just hurry up and tell him
how you feel, already!
[Sighs]
Hanabi, why didn't you say
something to let me know you
were here?!
'Cause it's fun to watch a
maiden agonizing over love!
That's really no way
for a child to talk.
I'm not a child!
My Byakugan's perception is just
as good as any grown-up's!
Anyway, look!
Isn't it cute?
Treating your kunai
like a toy again?
[Stomach Growls]
He'll burst out laughing if your
tummy growls while you're
confessing your love.
Don't be silly. I'm not going
to confess anything!
Instead of giving him a scarf,
maybe you should give yourself a
makeover.
What?! The moon is falling?!
Yes. The moon is clearly
getting closer to Earth.
Thus all the meteorites.
I can explain.
As two celestial bodies get
closer to each other, their
gravitational pull increases.
Once the moon reaches
a certain distance, its
surface will begin to break
apart.
I believe a part of the
surface has already
begun to fall to Earth.
And what will happen?
The moon will
completely disintegrate.
And its fragments will rain down
upon the Earth. If nothing is
done, mankind will...
Mankind will perish.
Is this a natural phenomenon?
Or some kind of man-made
assault?
Good question. We better start
searching for an answer.
Ramen really hits the spot this
time of year!
What are you talking about? You
eat this stuff all year long!
You really have a thing
for ramen, don't you?
Yeah! Of course, I love it!
Hit me with five more
orders of gyoza.
Comin' right up!
Five? I can't eat
that much! Whoo!
Then you don't get any.
Hmph.
Dig in!
Huh!
Can't get this dirty.
Oh wait, that scarf.
Oh, Hinata!
Come join us if you
haven't eaten already.
Yeah, it's all on me tonight!
Hmm.
Something's made Naruto
so happy that he's in the
mood to celebrate.
But, but I...
Now, now, don't be shy.
Come on. You can sit right here.
Hinata, join us!
Oh, okay.
It's Naruto!
Oh! Hey you guys! Thanks for
all those presents earlier.
Hmm.
Order whatever you
want, it's my treat!
Just a token of my gratitude.
[All] Wow, thank
you so much!
Get whatever you
want too, Hinata.
Sit over here,
Naruto!
We can all
eat together.
Huh? Hinata?
Where are you goin?
I'm sorry but, I'm
really not that hungry.
Oh.
Hinata!
Walk her home!
What? Walk her home?
What for?
Oh, well, uh.
'Cause you can't let a girl walk
home alone at night!
What? Are you kidding? No one in
the village would dare to mess
with her.
Hinata!
You are such an idiot!
But, wait, why are you
calling me an idiot?
Naruto, look, the
gyoza are ready!
Let's eat!
Man, he can be so
dense sometimes!
You were going to give him that
scarf tonight, weren't you?
Uh-huh.
You can do it, Hinata. You just
have to be more confident!
Thanks, Sakura. Although I'm not
sure why you keep encouraging
me.
Uh, well uh...
We girls need to support each
other, right?
Support each other?
Yeah! [Giggling]
Who are you?!
[Screams]
[Gasps]
That's Hanabi!
Super Beast Scroll!
[Gasp]
[Grunts]
Oh, Naruto.
I've always run after you,
always keeping my eyes firmly on
your back.
But now, from this point on, all
I want is to walk by your side
forever.
So I, I put my whole heart into
making this.
Please accept this,
and my love with it!
All right, one
more time.
[Heavy Breathing]
Oh, Naruto!
Hmm?
Hinata?!
[Gasps]
Um, hi good evening.
[Laughing] Remember we saw each
other earlier at Ichiraku.
Oh, that's right!
Hmm.
What's wrong?
Th...that's a nice
scarf you have there.
Huh?
Oh yeah, my scarf.
[Stomach Growling]
Uh, it uh, sounds
like you're hungry!
I can make you some
instant ramen upstairs.
No thank you, goodnight!
Huh?
Hinata? Didn't you want to talk
to me? Hey! Hinata!
Wait!
I wonder who gave
that scarf to him.
I'm happy for you, Naruto.
Why are you crying?
[Gasps]
You're getting your
scarf all wet.
I don't need it anymore.
If you'd let me, I'd be
honored to take it.
But who are you?
I am Toneri.
And I have come here, for you.
Come for me? Hmm?
[Screams]
Hinata!
What's going on? Let go!
Hey! You two! What are
you doing to her?!
Huh?
Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Uh.
Hinata!
[Talking]
[Screams]
Huh?
Rasen Shuriken!
Why you! Let her go!
[Grunts]
Hold it!
Naruto.
[Screams]
[Gasps]
Hinata! You okay!?
Yeah!
Ahh! Rasengan!
[Grunting]
My arms are going numb. Can't
hold on...
[Gasps]
[Screams]
Hinata!
Looks like your
scarf got ruined.
Yeah.
Those guys, where'd
they come from?
I don't know.
Huh?
The final day is fast
approaching. Before then...
Damn it!
Huh?
Before then, I'm going to come
back for you...
...Hinata.
Huh?
What?
[Grunts]
What's that?
What? What the hell is going on?
The Earth...
...will soon be destroyed.
Your mission is to rescue the
kidnapped Hanabi Hyuga.
Shikamaru, you'll lead this
four-man team. I'm also granting
Hinata's request to join the
mission.
Thank you very much, sir.
Shikamaru, put your hand out.
Huh? What for?
What's this?
A top secret clock. Only the
Five Kage possess it.
So what's this clock
keeping track of?
It's counting down the time
until Earth's destruction.
[All Gasp]
Wait, I don't get it. What does
this thing have to do with
Hanabi's rescue mission?
Toneri kidnapped Hanabi and he
might also be the one
manipulating the moon.
What makes you think that?
Honestly? It's a hunch.
It was around here that I lost
sight of Hanabi and her
kidnapper.
All right. We'll split up and
search for clues. Naruto, make
sure you take care of Hinata.
Leave it to me!
[Sighs]
What is it?
[Gasps] It's nothing.
Huh!
See something?
[Gasps]
This is Hanabi's kunai.
Huh? You brought
that scarf with you?
Uh, Uh-huh.
Why aren't you using it?
Aren't you cold out here?
No I'm fine, thank you.
Anyway, we'd better let
Shikamaru and the others
know what we found.
Yeah. I guess you're right.
Hinata! Do you see anything?
There's a glowing spring at
the bottom of the cave!
A glowing spring?
That's the shinobi
letter "A," as in Aun.
It could mean "this is the
beginning." Hinata, what can you
see at the bottom of the spring?
My vision's distorted.
Something's distorting
your Byakugan?!
We'll just have
to go and see.
Oh, wait. I can't
get this wet.
What's the big deal? Why does it
matter if your scarf gets wet?
It is a big deal. This
scarf means a lot to me.
Oh.
I don't think you'll
need to take it off.
When you touch this
water, you don't get wet.
[Gasps]
[Bugs Buzzing]
(Iruka)
If the world was going to come
to an end tomorrow...
(Iruka)
Who would you like to spend your
last day with?
Oh, give me a break, like that's
really gonna happen.
It's a hypothetical. Just
suppose the moon began to fall.
If it's the end of the whole
world, I'd rather have a big
piece of meat fall on us than
the moon.
Good one, Choji!
[Laughing]
[Gasps]
Whoa! Look at the moon!
Huh?
[Screams]
[Coughing]
Now the seventh match.
Huh?
Naruto Uzumaki and Kiba Inuzuka.
This is the Chunin Exam.
Go on, Naruto!
You can't lose to this jerk!
Ninja Art: Beast Mimicry,
All-Fours Jutsu.
Wait a minute!
Here I come!
[Screams]
Stop it, Kiba!
Naruto is down there fighting
Pain right at this very moment!
He's battling Pain all by
himself?
Universal Pull.
[Grunts]
Naruto...
Na...Naruto!
What's this?
It's a healing
ointment.
For me? What for?
Take it, Naruto. Go ahead.
Thanks Hinata. That's, uh, real
nice of you.
Universal Pull.
[Gasps]
[Screaming]
[Grunts]
[Gasps]
It's time we were on our way.
Ahh!
Why did you come out here?! Just
run! You can't win!
This time I'm going to save you,
Naruto.
I used to be such a crybaby,
always giving up before I even
got a chance to start.
I almost took the wrong path so
many times that I lost count.
But you helped me find my way,
and take the correct path,
Naruto.
I always chased after you,
wanting to catch up, wanting to
walk together with you forever.
You've changed who I am, Naruto.
Your smiling face saved me,
Naruto.
That's why I'm not afraid to die
here. If it means I can protect
you!
Because, I love you!
I always will.
Hinata...
If the world were going to come
to an end tomorrow, who would
you like to spend your last day
with?
If it's the end of the whole
world, I'd rather have a
big piece of meat fall on us
than the moon!
Good one, Choji!
[Laughing]
Not Iruka Sensei again.
All right, everyone, write down
who you'd want to spend the last
day on Earth with.
Hey, Naruto!
Don't throw that out!
What's the point? I mean,
there's no way that the world is
gonna end.
I'm just saying, if
it were to happen.
But it isn't going to happen!
[Giggles]
Hmm?
[Naruto Uzumaki]
Huh? With me?
Naruto!
Hmm?
What's this?
It's a healing
ointment.
For me? What for?
So dense.
Huh?
Man, he can be
so dense sometimes!
You were going to give him that
scarf tonight, weren't you?
Uh-huh.
You can do it, Hinata. You just
have to be more confident!
Thanks, Sakura.
Because, Naruto I...
You really have a
thing for ramen.
Yeah, of course! I love it!
Because, Naruto I...
You really have a
thing for her.
Yeah, of course I do! I really
love Hinata, y'know!
He can be so dense sometimes!
Maybe he doesn't even know what
love really is!
What do you mean?
He doesn't know the difference
between the love of sweets, like
dumplings, and real romantic
love.
What? They're not the
same kinda thing?
Huh?
Hinata!
You are such an idiot!
But, wait, why are you
calling me an idiot?
Naruto, look, the
gyoza are ready!
Let's eat!
[Sigh]
Hinata!
[Gasps]
Naruto!
[Heavy Breathing]
Hinata!
Huh?
[Naruto Uzumaki]
Hinata...
That's why I'm not afraid to die
here, if it means I can protect
you!
Because I truly love you,
Naruto!
I always will.
Hinata.
Naruto! Wake up!
It's a dream!
Hmm. Uh?
Sakura, what the?
Good, you're finally awake!
Huh?
Is this a trap set by the enemy?
Yeah. It traps intruders in a
genjutsu and shuts them away in
a world of memories.
It's a prison that uses
memory as a cage.
Good thing Sakura's
here. She's resistant to
genjutsu.
Thank you, Sakura. I was having
a nice dream of my brother. I
appreciate you ripping me out of
it.
That doesn't sound
like gratitude!
Another spring.
Can you use your Byakugan here?
No, it's still distorted.
All right, then be ready to
fight!
Roger!
Huh? What's the matter?
Well, it's just, in the
genjutsu dreams before...
Hmm? What is it?
Oh, uh, nothing never mind.
[Sighs]
Hinata.
[Gasps]
I said I'd come for you.
For you to come to me is
flattering.
Where is Hanabi?!
Don't worry. She's safe. She's
fast asleep in my castle.
Return her at once!
I'm afraid that depends
on your answer.
My dear Byakugan Princess.
What? Byakugan Princess?
Hinata...
Let us...
Be married.
What?! Marry You?!
This place is like some kind of
bubble factory.
Oh I get it.
What?
These bubbles must have been
made by the gatekeeper that
lives in here.
Gatekeeper?
Naruto and Hinata are taking too
long. Should we go back to check
on them...huh!
[Gasps]
A Crab?
That's the gatekeeper.
Hmph.
Hinata!
Naruto!
You stay away from her!
You again, huh?
You nuisance, move!
Where's Hanabi?!
Scatter!
Hmph.
Don't pop the bubbles or we'll
get caught in a genjutsu again!
Super Beast Scroll!
[Roaring]
Fujin! Raijin!
Damn it!
Shadow Stitching!
Sakura!
Chaaaaaa!
[Grunts]
You're just a puppet?
This is not my real body.
Hinata, next time, the real me
will come for you.
And when that time comes, tell
me your answer.
Shut up!
[Laughing] You fool, your
fists will never touch me.
Wow. Your punch really did all
this, Sakura?
Yep!
And if you leave Hinata
behind and expose her to danger
again, I'll punch you, too!
Yeah, yeah. I know, I got it.
Hinata, I'll never let you...
I'll never let you out
of my sight again.
You'll what?
You're already looking away!
What? What do you mean?! I'm not
looking away!
Where in the world is this
place?
Is that island floating?
No. It seems the surface
of the ocean is warped.
How can there be
sunlight underground?
It has to be artificial.
A man-made sun?
Yeah.
Hinata, any sign
of the enemy?
No, it looks clear.
If the enemy's aware that we're
here, why aren't they attacking
us?
Yeah, that worries me.
It's too quite.
Leave them be.
Don't do anything until
I go get her.
The eyes are pulsing again.
Amazing. This Byakugan
is so pure!
Hmm?
Hinata?
That scarf, did she really
make it for me?
I see a town about
twenty klicks ahead.
All right, let's go.
It looks abandoned.
This town was built centuries
ago. Let's split up and take a
closer look.
So this was once a shinobi
village.
A fire?
What's this all about, I wonder.
Whoa, was there a war
here or something?
[Scream]
Hinata! What's wrong?!
[Sighing] Just a spider web.
[Giggling] Your Byakugan lets
you see tiny details from
really far away...
...but you walk right into a
spider web! You're so spacey!
Hmm.
Naruto...
What is it?
Umm, what happened
to your scarf?
[Giggling] Oh, it's so warm
underground that I took it off.
[Giggling] I see.
Funny, I feel a
bit cold here.
I'll bet you do! I mean, you
know, dressed like that.
What, this? This is
just my mission gear.
Well, if you can take it, then I
can handle a little cold like
this, too!
[Sneezes]
Oh, uh, you okay?
Of course!
I'm fine, ya know.
[Giggles]
What's up?
It's nothing at all.
Come on, what is it?
Really, it's nothing!
Fine then, don't tell me!
[Giggling] Okay, I wont.
[Slurping]
[Sighs] So good!
Uh, where are you going?
Oh, uh, nature calls!
[Screams]
[Grunts]
Naruto!
[Grunting]
[Grunts] Another spider web!
Are you okay?
[Moaning] Yeah.
What's the matter?
I think that I hurt my back a
little bit when I fell down.
Here.
Oh great, thank you.
Wait, that's right. You gave me
some ointment during the Chunin
Exams.
I can't believe you
remember that.
Actually, I just remembered it.
A little while ago, at least.
[Grunting]
Oh?
Thanks a lot.
Hmm.
[Sighs] We need to wrap this
up and go rescue Hanabi.
Naruto? I need
to talk to you.
About what?
It's about what Toneri's puppet
said to me when he appeared to
me in that passageway.
What? Toneri?
Ah! There you are!
[Both] Huh?
Hinata, we need you to check
something out.
What does it say?
It's very old writing. "Ancient
oath, crossing the path of
humanity, just as all else..."
"The fist of the reborn moon,
the Tensei Eye will destroy
mankind."
What's that mean?
Maybe this "Tensei Eye" is
what's making the moon move.
So Kakashi Sensei was correct
that Hanabi's abduction and the
moon are connected somehow.
Well, his hunches are
usually right on target.
Unfortunately so, in this case.
Byakugan Princess!
[Gasp]
What's happening?
Is this a crypt?
What's that?
Someone's here!
Hmm?
[Gasps]
It's the Byakugan.
I can sense the Byakugan.
Yes, I'm certain of it!
Byakugan Princess!
Stay away from Hinata!
Hmph.
[Groaning]
Hinata!
What did you do to her?!
The Tenseigan has been...
...revived.
Huh.
It has to be stopped, or
Otsutsuki will...
Hinata, are you all right?
Yeah.
That man said "Otsutsuki."
That's the surname of the Sage
of Six Paths.
Hagoromo Otsutsuki was the
Sage of Six Path's name before
he began teaching ninshu,
the shinobi creed.
That guy called Hinata
the Byakugan Princess.
This has all got to be connected
to Toneri's abduction of Hanabi.
Still knitting. Do you have to
do that forever?
I guess making something like
that takes a long time.
Hinata! So what did you want
to talk to me about earlier.
Something about what
Toneri's puppet said?
Oh, that. It's nothing, really.
Hmm? I don't understand.
What do you mean, nothing?
I'm sorry but, I'd
like to be alone.
All right then.
Let's go check
out that village.
If Hanabi was here,
she isn't anymore.
Come on. We should head
back and rejoin the others.
Okay.
Hinata.
My sister's in danger, and
here I am knitting. I'm a
terrible big sister, aren't I?
No that's not true at all!
I mean, you volunteered to go
after her. The only reason
you're here is to save her.
If only I had stayed home
that night, then...
Don't worry! I'm gonna
rescue Hanabi. I swear it.
Thank you, Naruto. You've
always been very kind to me.
Hmm.
Well, I'm not being kind just
because I'm in love with you or
anything.
I really am
worried about Hanabi.
What did you say?
Huh?
What did you just say?
I said that I was
worried about Hanabi.
No, I meant before that.
Uh, before that I...
Hinata.
I said, I love you Hinata.
[Inhales]
Hinata.
Huh?
Toneri! Or are you
just another puppet!
Where's Hanabi?!
Silence! I came to hear
Hinata's answer.
Answer?! Hinata has
nothing to say to you!
Now tell me where Hanabi...
Hinata?
Hmph.
Huh? Hey!
Hinata! What is going on?!
Sorry, Naruto. This is goodbye.
[Gasps]
Hinata!
[Grunts]
Give Hinata back!
Give her back?
But Hinata came to me
of her own free will!
[Grunts]
It has been destined
since antiquity.
Hinata and I shall be wed.
You'll be wed?
Hinata!
That's a lie, right?
[Gasps]
[Grunting]
My chakra!
What are you doing?
I just don't want to get into a
petty fight here and risk you
getting hurt.
[Sighing]
Hinata.
[Frightened Talking]
I can't go any farther!
Do not panic!
This underground shelter was
constructed to accommodate every
citizen in the Land of Fire!
Everybody please, just stay
calm!
Water Style! Water Dragon Jutsu!
Lava Style: Lava Monster Jutsu!
Particle Style! Atomic
Dismantling Jutsu!
Hmph.
[Screams] Oh, my back!
[Screams]
We've been on the moon this
whole time?
Yeah. The cave where we found
the crab's bubbles is probably a
secret passageway that connects
Earth to the moon.
How's Naruto doing?
Terrible. Most of his chakra has
been siphoned off.
[Grunts] Hinata...
[Gasps]
So you finally get it.
You dummy.
So beautiful.
Hinata.
I want to learn more
about who you are.
[Grunts]
Why is he in your thoughts?
[Sighs]
Where am I?
Toneri's castle.
Hanabi!
Her eyes, he took them.
Hinata.
Let us be married.
What?! Marry you?!
What are you talking
about?! Free Hanabi!
Your sister is in
my castle now.
Hanabi! [Gasps]
And as for her Byakugan, I have
taken them.
[Gasps]
Monster.
I'm sorry. It's for
Hamura's Celestial Decree.
Hamura?
Hamura Otsutsuki. The founder
of the Shinobi of the Moon.
Perhaps it's clearer to say he's
the younger brother of the Sage
of Six Paths...
Founder of the Shinobi
of Earth.
Your Hyuga Clan inherited
Hamura's blood.
The story goes back many years,
millennia, in fact.
The Sage of Six Paths, the
elder, had misgivings.
He feared that the Ten Tails,
with its massive chakra and
immeasurable power would bring
calamity upon the world.
So the Sage of Six Paths
extracted the Ten Tails' chakra
and divided it among nine Tailed
Beasts to weaken its power.
The husk of the Ten Tails whose
chakra was extracted, that is,
the Gedo Statue...
...was hidden away and sealed
on the moon so that the Ten
Tails would never be revived.
Hamura decided to live on the
moon in order to guard the Gedo
Statue.
The Sage of Six Paths became the
founder of the Shinobi of the
Earth.
But Hamura was skeptical of the
world that his elder brother
was creating.
If the world fashioned by his
brother went astray from the
shinobi way he created...
...Hamura entrusted his
descendants to ensure its
destruction.
Through the millennia that have
passed, fighting between shinobi
has only increased.
They continue to use chakra
as a weapon.
Ultimately, the Gedo Statue was
stolen and the Ten Tails
revived.
Our clan has reached the
conclusion...
...that the Shinobi of Earth
will destroy the world's
chance for peace and order.
The world the Sage of Six Paths
created is a failure.
And so now, per Hamura's
Celestial Decree...
...I will destroy that world.
When this pure Byakugan, that's
now mine, synergizes with my own
chakra...
...it'll transform into the
Tenseigan.
With its Visual Prowess, I will
lift Earth up out of its ashes,
and create a brand new world.
I don't believe a word of it!
And I am going to rescue Hanabi!
How can you when you don't even
know where this castle's
located?
I will return for
your answer later.
Hmph!
Hinata!
Good morning.
[Gasps]
I'm very happy that you now
understand how I feel, Hinata.
Lady Hinata, welcome to
the castle.
[All] Welcome.
Are there only puppets
in this castle?
They're marionettes that were
left here by our ancestors.
Since my father died when
I was young...
...I've lived in this castle
all by myself.
We'll hold the wedding
ceremony here.
Then we'll enter the Room of
Rebirth...
...and fall into a deep slumber
until the Earth's environment
stabilizes after its
destruction.
That's impossible! The moon will
also be destroyed, won't it?
Not to worry. This castle's
protected by a very powerful
chakra.
Powerful chakra?
That's right. Strong enough
to move the moon.
What do you mean?
It's the power of the
Otsutsuki's treasure,
honed by the suffering
of my clan.
And where would
this treasure be?
Well, that...
I cannot tell you.
May I please return to my
room now? It's cold outside.
That's because it's
dusk here, all year long.
Oh, I almost forgot.
Will you knit me a scarf?
What?
Knit a scarf just for me.
You won't?
If that's what you wish.
Really? Thank you.
This pleases me, Hinata.
[Grunts]
Huh?
[Grunting]
What's wrong?
Nothing. Don't worry.
It's a sign the Byakugan is
maturing into the Tenseigan.
[Grunts] It will subside
with a little rest.
It doesn't seem to be here.
Byakugan Princess!
[Gasps]
[Attacking Yells]
Tenseigan! Activate!
We are the descendants of
Hamura. We belonged to the main
family of the Otsutsuki Clan.
The side branch family
annihilated every one of us
after they misinterpreted
Hamura's Celestial Decree.
Toneri, the leader of the
side branch family...
...is now attempting to cause
the moon to plummet into the
Earth by employing the power of
the Tenseigan.
Only you can destroy the
Tenseigan, Byakugan Princess.
You are Earth's last
remaining hope.
Huh?
Wait, are you?
Hamura Otsutsuki!
Hear me, Byakugan Princess.
Do not allow the world that my
elder brother created...
...to come to an end!
[Gasps]
Hanabi, you poor girl.
I will find and destroy
the Tenseigan!
Imagine that! Toneri's been
hiding in the artificial sun!
Why wasn't Hinata's Byakugan
able to detect it?
Maybe he placed a jutsu on the
artificial moon that deflects
the Byakugan, too.
Where exactly is
the entrance?
Why don't we just
knock and ask them?
What are you doing? You've
alerted the enemy!
Just keep up!
What's your plan?
I'll explain later!
So that's how it is.
Sai, it's time to retreat!
Super Beast Scroll!
I never imagined anything
like this would come after the
war, when the world was at
peace.
On the bottom is the Chakra
Diffusion Cannon.
We'll use it to blast away all
of the meteorites around the
equator,
On top is the Chakra
Transportation Cannon.
It can transport any target into
another dimension. With it,
we'll destroy the moon.
Everyone! Get the cannons ready
immediately!
Meals are much nicer when you
have someone to talk to.
Now, please, tell me
all about yourself.
It's still not too late to
negotiate with the Shinobi
of the Earth.
What?
You're right: for a long time,
the Shinobi of the Earth
continued to use chakra to
battle each other.
But it's different now.
Shinobi have joined together to
work side by side to protect our
hard-won peace.
So...
They will simply start another
war. The Sage of Six Paths'
world must be destroyed.
But please!
Never bring that
subject up again.
Just be quiet and eat.
[Bell Ringing]
[Gasps] That island...
So it's appeared again. That
is the temple of Hamura.
Once a year, during the rebirth
festival, it comes near the
castle.
I'm sure of it.
The Tenseigan is hidden
on that island.
Sorry, Naruto.
This is goodbye.
Hinata...
Hinata!
So you're finally awake?
What?
Yeah, it's been three days.
[Gasps]
Did something happen between
you and Hinata?
No, it's nothing.
You called out her
name, Hinata, Hinata!
And you said some other
embarrassing things, as well.
But at least I got to
see your mushy side.
It's great research
material for me.
Sai...
Naruto.
We have to go rescue
Hanabi and Hinata.
I know she dumped you,
but you gotta face her.
Naruto is a strong shinobi,
but love has defeated him.
Now I know your weakness!
Come on!
I'd imagine that Hamura is happy
that you personally want to pay
homage to him.
I know it. The Tenseigan
is here.
[Gasps]
Is that?
Yes, the Tenseigan.
Then this is Otsutsuki's
Treasure that's causing
the moon to move?
Lady Hinata, only those who are
in exalted positions are allowed
to see the real Tenseigan.
This is a temple where those of
lower rank come to pray and
worship.
Oh, I see.
I shall show you the real
Tenseigan after we are married.
[Gasps] My field of vision is
distorted only at that spot!
Of course! That's it!
[Sigh] How long are you
gonna sit there moping?
Hmm.
Gonna give her up just like
that? And becoming Hokage?
[Grunts]
Sure, give it all up! Your
girl, being Hokage, everything!
What did you say?!
Shikamaru! Are you trying
to pick a fight or what?!
I couldn't care less what
happens between you and Hinata!
But you're a shinobi!
[Gasps]
Just come with me.
[Grunting]
I'm going to my room to rest.
I'm really looking forward to
seeing the scarf once you've
finished it.
[Sighs]
[Grunts]
I feel it, I feel it!
The pulse beating in my eyes!
Soon now it will be born.
The fully-formed Tenseigan!
Why is Sakura?
Because she infused nearly every
ounce of her chakra into you to
keep you alive.
Sakura!
Naruto?
Sakura, I'm so sorry.
Will you depend on Sakura to
heal your body, and to also heal
your heart?
Well, can you do it, Sai?
Yeah, good point.
I see. Wow I gotta say, I never
thought you'd confess your love
first.
It seems so long ago now, but do
you remember when you said
you loved me?
[Gasp]
I wonder, did you only say that
because I loved Sasuke?
And you simply didn't
want to lose to him?
But it's real this
time, isn't it?
Hinata is a great person.
Honestly, she's almost too good
for you!
Yeah, but, it's over now.
Hinata left me. She went
off to be with Toneri.
You are an idiot. It's obvious
she had a reason she just
couldn't reveal to you.
When a girl falls in love and
it's true love, her feelings
don't change that easily.
Honestly, they can't change.
I understand, just how she
feels.
This is it.
The Tenseigan!
Hmph.
[Inhales]
I will stop the moon!
Huh?
[Gasps]
What is going on here?
You're completely
wrong about this!
What did you say?
Hamura's soul has entrusted me
with the true Celestial Decree.
You have entirely distorted
Hamura's teachings!
Hamura never wished for the
destruction of the world that
the Sage of Six Paths built on
the Earth!
I see. You have betrayed me.
Please hear me out.
Hamura didn't...!
Silence! I will not
believe your lies!
Hamura made but one Celestial
Decree: to end the world of the
Sage of Six Paths!
Damn it!
You've been knitting this for
him and not for me, haven't
you?!
I'll make sure that you'll
never betray me again!
Never!
Hinata.
This big idiot finally
understands...
...the meaning of the
scarf you gave me...
...when you left to go
off with Toneri.
Because you took so much time
and put your feelings into
making that for me...
...I know your love can't be
unraveled so easily.
Naruto...
Wait for me.
You've loved someone like me
forever. And now, as a man,
there's something I've got to
say to you.
Hinata, I'm going to save you.
I swear it!
[Grunting]
Lord Raikage, the Chakra Cannons
are ready!
Good! All right men!
Load it up with chakra!
Sir!
We'll pulverize the meteorites
with the Chakra Diffusion
Cannon.
Pulverize! Powderize! Yo!
[Banging Gong]
Need some help here!
Right! Rasen Shuriken!
Shadow Paralysis Jutsu!
Keep going!
Storm the citadel!
Got it!
[Screams]
[Gasps] Sakura!
Thank you, Naruto.
Please, you don't have to thank
me. The debt I owe you is
something I can never repay.
[Grunts] What a drag.
Why hide it?
It's irritating and prevents me
from making smart decisions.
Naruto, can you sense
Hanabi's chakra?
She's in that
tower over there!
Sakura, Sai, go!
Take care of Hanabi!
[Both] Right!
Hinata!
You bastard!
Your fists will never touch me.
Naruto! Where's Hinata?!
She went in there!
I'll handle them, go!
Thanks!
Move it!
You guys aren't getting by me.
All right!
The puppet show
begins right now!
[Roars]
Hanabi's up here!
What the?
[Grunts]
This way!
Hinata!
Wind Style!
Sky Sand Defensive Wall!
A massive one, six o'clock!
Everyone! Crane Wing Formation!
Right!
The Sixth Gate of Joy!
Damn it!
[Gasp]
It's you!
If he's not here, the only one
who can protect the village is
me!
Sasuke!
The meteorites are gone!
Lord Hokage!
What is it?
Hiashi!
Chakra capacity at
seventy-five percent!
Seventy-six, seventy-seven!
[Evil Laughter]
One after the other!
[Grunting]
Please, go ahead.
Hinata!
What did you do to her? Let her
go right now!
All right.
Have her.
Huh?
[Grunting]
Stop it, Hinata!
What do you think of my
wife's combat skills?
Damn it!
He's controlling her!
Hinata, hang in there
for just a little longer.
[Grunts]
How dare you, Hinata's
not your puppet!
Hinata belongs to me now. I'll
take her back.
[Gasps] No!
Hinata!
Be gone!
[Grunting]
[Grunting] Don't!
[Gasps]
It's too early for
you to wake up.
[Grunting]
Is this the final phase?
Naruto!
Hinata!
I'm sorry, Naruto. I just...
I understand. Don't
say anything.
I should apologize.
Now, what about him?
Quickly! Now's our chance to
destroy the Tenseigan!
Tenseigan?
[Grunting]
Hanabi!
How terrible!
She's just a child.
Huh?
Hinata.
If we destroy this, the moon
should stop its advance.
Got it. I'll use
my Rasengan.
No, don't!
Hmm?
There's a Curse Jutsu that
was cast upon the eye.
Only someone with Hamura's
blood can touch it or their
chakra will be extracted.
What?
Eight Trigrams Twin
Lion Surging Shot!
[Gasps] I can't destroy it!
Huh!
Hmm?
Hinata! You have to infuse
me with your chakra!
What?
Working together, we might
be able to break it apart!
Hmm!
Let's go.
Right.
[Screaming]
These are...
So this means the Tenseigan,
was a cluster of Byakugan?
[Chuckles]
Huh?
What?
What happened?
Lord Hokage!
The moon's advance has halted!
What?!
Chakra capacity at
ninety-five percent!
Ninety-six, ninety-seven,
ninety-eight, ninety-nine.
Chakra levels at one
hundred percent!
Chakra Diffusion Cannon, Fire!
Yeah!
Wait, what was that?
An urgent message from the
Hidden Cloud! A Five Kage
Summit has been called.
All the meteorites have been
destroyed.
So you had a weapon like that
hidden away? It seems we can't
be too careful with you,
Raikage.
Lord Tsuchikage, this is not
the time for snide remarks.
The Chakra Transportation
Cannon, will blow up the moon
next!
Are you out of your mind?
What's going on?
Shikamaru!
Hinata!
Are you all right?
Mhmm. I'm so sorry.
You can save all
that for later.
But what happened anyway? The
artificial sun just disappeared!
The Tenseigan was the source of
power for this place. We
destroyed it!
Mhmm.
So the moon should
have stopped moving!
What?!
[Grunts]
Huh?
The treasure to which my entire
clan offered up their eyes, the
Treasure of Otsutsuki.
How dare they!
Hanabi!
Thank you!
This is yours, right?
[Gasps]
[Sighs]
Is that? Is that the scarf
Toneri ripped to shreds earlier?
[Gasps] How did you
know that?
'Cause back when I pulled
Toneri's jutsu out of your body,
I saw a couple of your memories.
You were going to give
it to Naruto, right?
[Sigh]
Did you really make
it for me?
Yeah.
Well.
Can I have it?
But it's just in
little pieces.
So? I don't care!
I mean, I'd still really
like to have it.
[Gasps]
Thank you so much.
Hmm?
I'll cherish it forever.
Naruto.
[Sighs]
[Gasps]
What is it? What's wrong?
It's the clock!
It's moving again.
[Gasps]
[Laughing]
Now with all of these eyes,
Naruto, I'm going to destroy...
...your entire world!
But it's too dangerous
to blow up the moon!
As long as the moon's out there,
threatening the Earth like a
cannonball, we will never be
truly safe from harm!
Now, please, let's all discuss
this calmly. For the moment, the
moon has stopped advancing.
You're wrong. It
started moving again.
It what?!
[Gasps]
Why is the clock starting
to tick down again?!
I don't know.
[Grunting]
What's that?
Kurama!
[Roars]
[Growls]
Kurama!
It's Toneri!
[Gasps]
Silver Wheel Rebirth Explosion!
[Screams]
Chakra capacity at ninety
percent!
Lord Hokage! Lord Hiashi
would like a word with you
immediately, sir.
Hiashi?
Hear me. You mustn't let the
moon be destroyed.
Hanabi and Hinata are
up there right now!
What?! What do you mean?
Bad news!
What is it?
Nine Tails is on the moon!
What?!
Huh?
[Roars]
Chakra capacity at ninety-five
percent!
Lord Raikage! An urgent
message from Lord Hokage!
Now?! What does he want?
Please wait on the Chakra
Cannon. Naruto and the others
are up there!
It can't be helped. They'll be
sacrificed for mankind and the
Earth.
The Chakra Transportation
Cannon fires!
But!
Lord Raikage.
What is it?
I too am asking. Wait for just
an hour longer.
We're out of time!
I agree, we should wait.
Mizukage!
Naruto proved he's a hero
in the War. I say that he's
worth betting on.
Tsuchikage?
[Grunts]
One hour should be enough.
It may not seem like much. But
if that allows them to succeed
then it may be the most valuable
hour of their lives...
...and ours.
Explain yourself.
Honestly? It's a hunch.
Hinata, you okay?
I'm fine.
No!
[Grunting]
Hinata belongs to me!
You can watch his last
moments in there!
[Screams]
[Heavy Breathing]
Hinata!
Naruto!
[Screams]
The world created by the Sage of
Six Paths is a failure!
I'll destroy both the
Earth and you!
There's no way I'm gonna
let you destroy the Earth!
[Roars]
Rasengan Barrage!
Golden Wheel Rebirth Explosion!
Naruto! No!
What just happened?
The moon! It just split in two!
[Gasps] What?!
What's going on?
Hokage! There's just
ten minutes left!
That's it. It's over.
It's not over
till I say it is!
[Gasp]
What?!
[Grunts]
Massive!
Rasengan!
Barrage!
[Gasps]
It's useless! Just give up!
Like I'd ever give up! It takes
time to knit a scarf, you know.
And the deeper the feelings that
you want to express, the longer
it takes to knit!
[Grunts] This ends now!
You don't get to decide that!
Expressing the true depth
of your feelings...
Takes a lot of time!
That's the reason...
...I won't let it end
as easy as that!
[Grunting]
[Screams]
One hit. You got me,
with one hit.
[Gasping] The Tenseigan,
it's fading!
Huh?
Hinata!
You're all right!
[Inhales]
You will return
Hanabi's eyes now.
Stop.
No!
You dare...
Now, this is over.
Not yet!
Sakura! You okay?
Never mind me, Naruto?
And the others?
I don't know.
Huh?
What's happening? What
the heck are those things?
[Laughing]
And now with these eyes,
I will end it all!
Puppet Rebirth!
[Growls]
You're so annoying!
Naruto!
Hinata!
Toneri, please stop! You don't
have to keep following your
ancestor's misguided teachings!
Silence! As the last remaining
survivor of the Otsutsuki Clan,
I must fulfill Hamura's
Celestial Decree!
Naruto!
[Grunting] My chakra's being
siphoned away!
[Laughing]
And now you feel the power of
Hamura, strong enough to move
the moon!
Naruto! You're finished!
[Grunts]
Huh?
Hinata?
What are you doing?!
We're not gonna let
it end this way.
But how?!
Because Hamura's chakra
flows within me, too!
It's time to stop!
[Grunting]
End the world of the Sage of Six
Paths! Destroy it!
No!
[Gasps]
The Sage's world has fallen into
darkness! I'll destroy it with
the light of justice!
[Gasps]
[Screaming]
What's happening?
His jutsu absorbed the
energy of the sun.
And now he's gone
past his chakra limits.
[Screaming]
Naruto!
No, don't! It's too dangerous!
Time's up!
Chakra Transportation
Cannon, fire!
What's the matter?!
Yo, I can't shoot at Naruto.
Stifle your personal feelings!
The very existence of Earth
depends on this!
Just move, I'll fire it!
Lord Raikage! There's
writing on the moon!
There's what?
Kurama's writing something
on the moon's surface!
What?
That's the shinobi letter that
means...
Mission complete!
They succeeded!
I see.
Emergency announcement to the
entire world! The moon has
stopped!
Five brave shinobi, Shikamaru,
Sakura, Sai, Hinata, and Naruto,
have saved the Earth and it's
future!
Well, my hunches usually
end on a high note.
Making me write letters...
I'm no good at calligraphy!
Sorry, Kurama.
This...
This is...
Shortly after I came here,
Hamura's soul guided me
to this place.
[Crying]
Toneri...
I'm certain that everyone on
Earth would welcome you.
I will remain on the moon
and atone for my crimes.
Toneri.
One day...
Please, come to Earth!
I vow the moon will never
approach Earth.
Never again.
Naruto, there's something
I want to ask you.
What is it?
Um, about that scarf,
who's it from?
Oh, this?
This is from my mom. She made
it for me a long time ago.
[Sighs]
My grandpa must've
kept it in here for her.
Thanks, Mom.
Oh, I see, I'm so silly.
Hey, Big Sister!
How long are you gonna chitchat?
Forget it, I'm going!
Hurry up! This passageway's
starting to disintegrate.
Hmm.
Come on, let's get
back to Earth.
Yeah.
Hinata.
Yes?
Back at the academy, when we
were asked who we'd want to
spend our last day on Earth
with...
I couldn't think of one
name to write down.
I didn't know my parents, and I
didn't have any friends.
But now, I know exactly
who I'd choose.
There's no doubt whatsoever.
It's you. I want to stay with
you. For ever and ever, until I
die.
I want to be with you, Hinata.
Oh, Naruto.
[Giggles]
What are you doing?
Ready? Hold on tight.
Okay.
Don't let go, all right?
All right.
I'll never, ever, let go.
Huh? What are you?
Big Sister!
Naruto! You're gonna crash into
the ceiling!
Yeah, right! I'm not
stopping there!
Hinata.
Naruto.
Hinata, thank you...
[Grunting]
[Giggling] Daddy!
Daddy!
[Giggling] Come play with us!
Hey, don't go outside
in your bare feet!
All right, Boruto, Himawari! How
about a snowball fight?!
Snowball fight!
[Giggling] Take that! No!
All right, Boruto!
You asked for it!
Mom!
Watch out! You know when your
Mom gets serious, she's super
strong!
[Giggling]